Update README.md (#338)
helium/gateway-rs: README.md

### Gateway update

As recommended, most manufacturers have chosen to use their own update service to update the gateway-rs software instead of the alpha channel self-update feature in gateway-rs. 

> Therefore, we will be removing the self-update feature from the gateway-rs as immediately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we will be removing the self-update feature from the gateway-rs immediately (Jan 4, 2023). 
```
